all right what's going on guys I'm here
on swimming today were playing on my
graph Hunger Games on survival Kingdom
that was a quick intro but I didn't make
it quick because we are gonna win the
Hunger Games we're teaming with some
dude and giving out trust oh no giving
that compass oh dedicated om that
compass I want that compass for no
reason I want it and some guy said he
wanted tea with me this guy right here
this guy right here let's follow him hey
buddy hey buddy you too Cookie Monster
oh that's cool he said he wanted to team
with me and this guy I don't know what
are you doing big boy
what are you doing big boy are you
typing something are you typing
something are you typing what are you
doing are you just come on dude we got
to move let's go let's go let's get out
of here if you're not gonna follow me
then forget you come on are you gonna
okay I'm going I don't care dude we need
some chests like really really bad so
let's let's go oh I know those chests
right over here know those shows right
over here let's pull out a sword and
kill this guy let's do it oh snap I will
take that stuff don't mind if I do
oh hey buddy you're on the other side of
the fence does not suck we took you
other chests or at least I did oh snap
there's two chests in one room that's
like amazing I just heard a pressure
plate are you kidding me I'm stuck wait
is there any way to undo it
I'm really scared are you freaking
kidding me that's horrible that's
horrible
there's got to be some way out of here
yes there is oh wait is there oh no
that's not cool that's that's messed up
that's really messed up oh okay then
well this is going to be an interesting
game we're going to be stuck in this
hole and we can beautifully hey we got
the door look we got the door right here
we got the door someone can come past us
and hit us and like we can be like hey
come here we can we can drop stuff out
or yeah we can get our fishing rod we
get fishing rod out be like hey people
hey people anyone see me well ah that
freaking sucks you know that
sucks there's really no way to get out
of here I mean we can't jump up here
wait oh do we have sheers dang it I was
gonna say we could have sheers and just
play sleeves and get up here um we can't
jump up here I mean yeah there's there's
no way we can jump up there I mean we
can't get on top it's not like we can
get on top yeah there's great we are
actually stuck in here that's wonderful
that's that's gossan you know we got
this beautiful Zord we're just gonna
have to sit here and wait for someone to
rescue us or something like that I don't
know maybe with someone walk past and
maybe we can give them donations or I
don't know but this is going to be an
interesting game I don't know how it's
going to go if we're actually um going
to survive this for a while if someone's
going to come past and I really don't
know if or someone's going to come
through through the roof and kill us and
murderess I don't know if we make it to
deathmatch and actually win it I have no
idea but no matter what we are going to
I am going to still record this because
I've never been stuck in one of these
positions before so if you think this
Hunger Games is boring and you don't
want to watch it then you can do that or
you can just skip to the end and maybe
you can watch the end I don't know
whatever happens at the end but yeah for
as of right now we're just going to sit
here we can just talk about stuff but
there's only there's already 13 tributes
remaining so the game is going by pretty
fast
12 tributes ok so maybe you won't have
to skip to the end Oh 11 tributes wow
these is just picking people off I mean
survival Kingdom it's not a huge map but
yeah I'm stuck in a house so let's see
if anyone will want to come save me or
kill me but hopefully I just really hope
no one comes in here and kills me from
the roof because that's really the only
way they can get in go ahead and break
these pieces just just so we can look
out you're beautiful son hey son how you
doing ooh one thing that we could have
an advantage is what we can do is we can
we could definitely wait till the Sun
Goes Down and the sponsors refill the
chest and all my friend left damage we
got killed I guess okay we could
definitely wait till this
launchers refill the chest and get these
chests maybe we can pull out like about
two diamonds or something crazy but
whenever I step on these I hear Pistons
but I'm here let me let me let y'all
hear this okay the volume is really loud
okay so that one goes down that one what
if there's some type of pattern to get
out of here
like maybe hey buddy hey buddy he's got
a diamond sword yeah oh my god
oh my god oh my volume was so loud
no my volume was really loud oh my god
that scared the crap out of me cuz the
thunder holy crap that was still a
really good game though because we were
stuck in here for a little bit umm I
might still upload this but if I do then
you might get two videos today cuz
there's a really short hunger game so
you're gonna get two videos today so oh
my god let's scare the crap out of me
you have no idea but we're not gonna
watch deathmatch because I can't believe
that guy already has a diamond sword
that's freakin crazy nine tributes
remaining and that guy has a diamond
sword that's that's great look at this
guy's skin there's a weird skin it's
very unusual okay but we're not gonna
watch deathmatch or anything because
we're kind of far away from deathmatch
and let's go back to spawn swatch that
fight that was at spawn where is it next
guy we just killed him no wonder why
everyone's getting killed because this
guy right here but that is about it guys
hopefully you enjoyed the Hunger Games
I'm not gonna watch deathmatch because
you know like I said really far away
from it but if you did enjoy this one
games go ahead and give it a thumbs up
and if you haven't subscribed or go
ahead and subscribe because we do have a
lot of fun on this channel and I will
show guys later peace